Added hint how fosjsrouting works (#785)
sulu-io/sulu-docs: book/extend-admin.rst

      app.put_event      PUT      ANY      ANY    /admin/api/events/{id}.{_format}
      app.delete_event   DELETE   ANY      ANY    /admin/api/events/{id}.{_format}

.. note::

>     Routes to this actions must be exposed using `FOSJsRoutingBundle`_, and also they must have set ``methods``
>     parameter (e.g. ``options: ['expose' => true], methods: ['GET']``). Examples can be found at `Sulu Workshops`_, specificly in assignment 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The routes to these actions must be exposed using `FOSJsRoutingBundle`_, and also they must have set the ``methods``
    parameter (e.g. ``options: ['expose' => true], methods: ['GET']``). Examples can be found in the `Sulu Workshops`_, specifically in assignment 10.
```

@alexander-schranz WDYT does this information already suffice or do you want it in more detail?
